DOCS-10696 May 15 release RC2 (#211)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/acm-lightning-components.adoc

When users need a client ID and client secret to access an API, they either select a client application in the *Credential source* list to populate the client ID and client secret from that client application automatically, or select *Custom credentials* in the list to enter the client ID and client secret manually.

> By default the API console sends requests from the browser through Anypoint to an API. To send requests directly from the browser to an API instance, open *Setup* > *Custom Metadata Type* > *ACM API Console Configuration Metadata* > *Manage ACM API Console Configuration Metadata* > *ACM API Console Configuration* > *Edit* and select *Browser Requests Enabled*. The mocking service is part of Anypoint, so the browser must send requests through Anypoint to the mocking service, and this setting does not affect the mocking service.

Reviewer: Salesforce Community cloud
```suggestion
By default the API console sends requests from the browser through Salesforce Community Cloud to an API. To send requests directly from the browser to an API instance, open *Setup* > *Custom Metadata Type* > *ACM API Console Configuration Metadata* > *Manage ACM API Console Configuration Metadata* > *ACM API Console Configuration* > *Edit* and select *Browser Requests Enabled*. This setting does not affect the mocking service and this applied to all the API instances in the Community.
```

Author: Updated. Thank you!
